README: update Testnet info (#200)
aurora-is-near/bridge-assets: README.md

6. If your asset is being bridged not via Rainbow Bridge but using some other bridge, make sure to also add an abbreviation of the bridge to JSON and SVG files as a prefix. E.g. if you used Allbridge for USDT token, the file names should be `abr_usdt.json` and `abr_usdt.svg` respectively.

## Adding a new asset (Testnet)
1. In case you want to add your Testnet token as well, please use the same procedure describe above, but use your `symbol` of ERC-20 and `_testnet` suffix within the file name. E.g.: `usdt_testnet.json`, `usdt_testnet.svg`.

> 2. Pull request's name should have the following name "[TESTNET] <SYMBOL_OF_YOUR_ERC20_TOKEN> token metadta" (e.g. "[TESTNET] Add USDT token metadata")

Author: ```suggestion
2. Pull request's name should have the following name: "[TESTNET] <SYMBOL_OF_YOUR_ERC20_TOKEN> token metadata" (e.g. "[TESTNET] Add USDT token metadata").
```

> 3. First line in pull request's decsription should be "# [TESTNET] Add <SYMBOL_OF_YOUR_ERC20_TOKEN> token metadata" (e.g. "# [TESTNET] Add USDT token metadata")
> 4. Please note that we don't update metadata on Aurora for Testnet tokens.

Author: ```suggestion
3. The first line in the pull request's description should be "# [TESTNET] Add <SYMBOL_OF_YOUR_ERC20_TOKEN> token metadata" (e.g. "# [TESTNET] Add USDT token metadata").
4. Please note that we don't update metadata on Aurora for Testnet tokens.
```
